Add Rag ingestion docs (#28)
wso2/docs-devant: en/docs/rag-ingestion.md

## Introduction

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) is a powerful approach that enhances Large Language Models (LLM) accuracy by providing contextual data sources.
To effectively use RAG, we need a structured way to ingest and store data. 

> This process, known as RAG Ingestion, involves configuring a vector database, embedding models, chunking, and processing source files.

Reviewer: Retrieval-Augmented Generation(RAG) is an advanced AI framework that enhances the accuracy and relevance of AI-generated responses by integrating information retrieval with text generation.

To make use of RAG effectively, data must be systematically ingested into vector databases. This process, known as RAG Ingestion, involves setting up a vector database, utilizing embedding models, processing source files and chunking data. 
Devant offers a platform to efficiently ingest and manage unstructured documents for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG).

Shall we say something like the above?

Author: Updated with
```
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) is an AI framework that enhances Large Language Model (LLM) accuracy by providing contextual data sources.
To make use of RAG effectively, data must be systematically ingested into vector databases. This process, known as RAG Ingestion, involves setting up a vector database, utilizing embedding models, processing source files and chunking data.
Devant offers a platform to efficiently ingest and manage unstructured documents for RAG.
```

This guide walks through the key steps of RAG Ingestion in Devant.

> Go to your Organization by selecting the organization from the **Organization** dropdown in the top left corner. Select **RAG Ingestion** from the **Admin** dropdown in the bottom of the left navigation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to your Organization by selecting the organization from the **Organization** dropdown in the top left corner. Select **RAG Ingestion** from the **Admin** dropdown at the bottom of the left navigation. 
```

## Step 1: Initialize Vector Store

> Contextual information is provided as numerical vectors (embeddings) to LLMs. These embeddings are stored in a vector database for efficient retrieval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LLMs receive contextual information as numerical vectors (embeddings). A vector database stores these embeddings for efficient retrieval.
```

Devant supports a wide range of vector databases like Pinecone, Weaviate, Chroma, and so on. 

1. Select `Pinecone` as the vector database.
2. Enter the API key in the **API Key** field.

    ???+ info "Info"
        Refer to the [Pinecone API Key documentation](https://docs.pinecone.io/guides/projects/manage-api-keys#create-an-api-key) to create an API key.

> 3. Enter the **Collection Name**. The collection will be automatically created if it does not exist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Enter the **Collection Name**. The system automatically creates the collection if it does not exist.
```

4. Click **Next**.

## Step 2: Configure the Embedding Model

1. Select `text-embedding-ada-002` embedding model from the **Open AI** dropdown.
2. Enter the API key in the **Embedding Model API Key** field.

    ???+ info "Info"

>         Refer to the [OpenAI Platform documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/embeddings) to create an API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        To create an API key, refer to the [OpenAI Platform documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/embeddings).
```

3. Click **Next**.

## Step 3: Configure Chunking

> Since large documents cannot be processed at once, we use chunking to break them into manageable parts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We break large documents into manageable parts using chunking since they cannot be processed at once.
```

**Chunking strategy**, **Max segment size**, and **Max overlap size** are automatically populated with default values. You can modify them if needed.

???+ info "Info"
    - **Chunking strategy** defines how text is split into smaller, manageable pieces (chunks).
    - **Max segment size** determines the maximum length of tokens for each chunk.

>     - **Max overlap size** defines how many tokens are repeated between consecutive chunks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Max overlap size** defines how many tokens repeat between consecutive chunks.
```
